[Music]
[Applause]
the 10 most dangerous waters in the
world most people can't imagine their
vacation without some body of water
nearby be it a lake or an ocean however
there are waters on our planet that can
be deadly for revelers the beauty of
these 10 places on earth is only for
viewing from a safe distance if you
aren't satisfied with these watch till
the end for a savory bonus number 10
Great Blue Hole Belize tides turn the
great blue hole into a huge vortex that
draws in everything on the surface while
abs make it spout huge columns of water
despite all of this though there are
still many who want to see this hole
because Jacques Cousteau himself called
it one of the best places for diving on
earth
[Music]
number nine Jacob's Well Texas USA this
30-foot deep natural well with
crystal-clear water is one of the most
dangerous diving places in the world at
the bottom of Jacob's Well there are
several entrances to a broad network of
caves that many are unable to leave
[Music]
number 8 Lake Michigan USA Lake Michigan
is almost as notorious as the Bermuda
Triangle because it's over this lake
that one of the most horrible air
crashes in North America occurred for no
logical reasons riddles aside the lake
is a real danger due to its suddenly
forming currents that according to some
sources take several dozens of lives
each year
number seven Lake Natron Tanzania
Lake Natron is one of the saltiest and
most alkaline lakes on earth covered
with a salt crust that sometimes colored
red
the water temperature reaches a hundred
and twenty degrees Fahrenheit or 50
degrees Celsius in certain places which
makes it along with alkalinity almost
unfit for life only three kinds of fish
live here adapting to the extreme
conditions
number six Blue Hole dahab the Blue Hole
is possibly the most dangerous place for
diving in the world as many divers have
died in this 400 foot deep cave
experience divers say though that
properly trained people with experience
can dive without fear the cause of death
is usually nitrogen narcosis or
insufficient air capacity upon ascent
number five Horseshoe Lake USA
the carbon dioxide emitted from the
fissures in the bottom of Horseshoe Lake
is deadly for everything the lake was
the cause of death of four people as
well as trees growing 100 acres around
it the danger is announced by signs all
around number 4 boiling Lake Dominica
this mountain lake located 8 hours from
the ground may heat up to a hundred
ninety-eight degrees Fahrenheit or 92
degrees Celsius due to hot air spurts
from beneath the ground
they often neighbor with lava swimming
in the lake is strictly prohibited even
if there are no characteristic bubbles
on its surface because boiling starts in
a matter of seconds number three
Rio Tinto Portugal and Spain fossil
excavation that has been carried out at
the head of the Tinto River for more
than three thousand years
lead to it being saturated with copper
island and heavy metals with the acidity
leaping sky-high however even in such
conditions
there's the river's own ecosystem that
includes bacteria that oxidize metals
and make the water bright red number two
Drake Passage lots of icebergs wind
speeds reaching 80 miles per hour strong
currents and poor visibility are part of
the ordeal that ships going through
Drake Passage
must survive the passage is considered a
veritable ship Cemetery for boats that
capsized here from Magellan's times
until the discovery of the Panama Canal
in the 20th century
number one Lake key vu
this seemingly peaceful lake keeps a
deadly secret there are layers of co2 in
it and 55 billion cubic meters of
methane at the bottom even the slightest
earthquake may cause a huge explosion
capable of evaporating over 2 million
people living around Peru here's our
bonus water creatures if you ever decide
to swim in a river lake or just about
any other body of water make sure to
check it is safe to bathe there even
places that attract tourists may well be
infested with lampreys hagfish leeches
or other unpleasant fauna look up the
water you're about to plunge into on the
web and stay safe so which place do you
find the scariest share your thoughts in
the comments don't forget to hit the
like button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life